you
hi it's rob again with outdoor
entertainment it's August the 26 and
this is webisode number two we set up a
ground blind with Jarrett and set up a
camera so we're just coming in to check
it right now Jarrett and a couple of his
friends James and Tyler are out to both
death about a mile to the north of me
here my grandson along to he's pretty
cute with put him out there too so
hopefully we'll get some nice pictures
on them at this time I see what Jared
set looks like after a week
let me have a peek at mine see if
anything of interest block by Victor
weird at those apples that we put down
so Lucy will see very pleased very
pleased couple a nice dear that one is
pretty darn nice boy good solid mid 140s
me to 150-inch dear very nice very nice
very nice we're in our new area here
just walking around we see quite a few
nice looking through and just looking
for a tree right now mom's a lot of deer
in this area we've seen we've just got
permission on this line so it's a good
place to hang on treestand big beauty to
man ladder stand it's great this is what
you do for your kids say where we're
walking through some thick stuff but he
had enough oh I love these boys
alright well we just found a spot where
we're gonna hang with tree stand and so
we just got back to the truck you know
off water here and my main man is going
to help out a lot hey aren't you yeah i
don't believe you but all right well we
got a lot of i'm getting sweaty are you
this is one of four stands we have in
the area a couple of natural blinds and
a couple of one pop up line here so no
this is gonna be good season boys and
girls yeah we've got we've got some good
pictures from one of the cameras anyways
and there's at least three or four
really nice bucks in the area not too
many in a way a mule deer that we saw
much that's white tail and you're a boy
too there's the boy got the little
grandson down there too he's just ready
to rock he's four years old hey Bryce
you for ya say hi to everybody so that's
what it's about get your kids involved
or your grandkids or your kids kids
that's right yacht or your your kids
friends just bring somebody out hunting
with you exactly the sports all about
but ya know like there's both about
three or four shooter whitetail
preaching previous weeks we had probably
a white or a mule deer that probably go
within about two hundred inches I'd say
pretty close you might be closed EP how
you'd be up there so it's it's a great
area looking forward to it season starts
and a little little better than a week
good for me well except for mother lode
for archery season hits does right away
anyway but nope but to here we are over
and out rockin